Thank you for using MyTime.

This software was created by John Deisher to help small businesses manage employee time sheets without needing to hassle with monthly payment or lots of technical setup. 

This software uses a simple SQL database saved locally so that your information is always available to you. Should you even want to migrate to an enterprise level time tracking solution SQL database often can be migrated and since it is your data saved locally you won't lose it just because you change software. 

Should you have any inquiries about the software feel free to reach out to me via the following ways:

Github (Project Repo): https://github.com/DeisherJohn/MyTime

LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/john-deisher/

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

User Guide: 

When the program is first opened you will be prompted to enter an administrator pin, this pin is used for any Admin level interactions (i.e. adding employees, update employee info, changing shift times, generating reports)

Once a pin has been entered the program is ready to use, the following is the options currently available. 

- Add Employee:
    This option opens a menu that allows new employees to be added to the program. 

- Update Employee: 
        This options allows an existing employees information to be updated, this option does NOT adjust employee time logs, only general information. 

- View Employee Log:
    - This options pulls an employees shift information for a selected time range, this will work with both the employee pin and the Admin pin, but only an Admin pin can change a time record. 
    - should a record need to be updated, once it has been selected the Admin can enter the pin to save any corrected data to the database. 

- Gen. Single Report:
    - This options allows two report types to be created for a single employee
        - Simple - This only has the total time worked for the selected date range
        - Full - This option shows all shifts worked during the date range and the time for each shift as well as the total time for the period. 

- Gen. Full Report:
    this option allows a report to be made that has the same options as the single employee but includes the data from all employees that have time logged for the period. 

- Settings:
    - This is where basic settings can be adjusted. 
        - Date Format: the default format is MM/DD/YYYY but there is support for DD/MM/YYYY as well. 
        - File Location: this is the default location that is loaded when a new file is created. 


!!! WARNING: THIS ERASES ANY SAVED DATA FROM THE PROGRAM!!!
CLEAR DATA:
    this button is used to clean up the data from testing, it will delete the user settings file and the database from the uses system. this is for testing purposes only. delete responsibly. 



Licenses

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2019 John Deisher

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Third Party Licenses

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Software Package: gdsqlite-native 
url: https://github.com/khairul169/gdsqlite-native

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2017 Khairul Hidayat

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Software Package: Godot Engine
url: https://godotengine.org/

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2007-2019 Juan Linietsky, Ariel Manzur.
Copyright (c) 2014-2019 Godot Engine contributors (cf. AUTHORS.md)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~